5 refactor send webhook function in the sender package for enhanced modularity error handling and logging (#18)
koladev32/sendhooks-engine: CHANGELOG.md

- Implement File Logging Module for Enhanced Error Handling (#7)
- Refactor Subscribe function in the redis package for better error handling and modularity( #4 )
- Improve Payload Flexibility to Accept Various JSON Formats( #1 )
- Fix calculateBackoff redaclarring function (#16 )

> - Handle SendWebooks error and refact Sender package for more reusability ( [#5](https://github.com/koladev32/sendhooks-engine/issues/5) )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refactor SendWebhook function in the sender package for enhanced modularity, error handling, and logging ( #5 )
```
